"Deprecate" `menuitemcheckbox` & `menuitemradio` from menu elements proposal (#1207)
openui/open-ui: site/src/pages/components/menu.explainer.mdx

buttons, some of which can be checkable. Instead of representing both non-checkable & checkable
state-bearing menu items with the single `<menuitem>` element, we could also consider:

* Add a `type` attribute: `<menuitem>`, `<menuitem type=checkbox>`, `<menuitem type=radio>`.
    * If `type` is `checkbox` or `radio`, it is automatically checkable
* Add a `checkable` IDL attribute on `<menuitem>`
    * This IDL property could be used to see if the item is checked
    * Use a `name` attribute to group exclusive menu items together (this only applies for "radio"
      menu items):
        * `<menuitem checkable name=foo>`
        * `<menuitem checkable name=foo>`
* Add a `checkable` IDL attribute on the *grouping* element (`<fieldset>`, `<menulist>`)
    * This attribute can have the values `single` (for radios) or `multiple` (for checkbox)

**Question: Should we allow radio and checkbox menu items as direct children of a `<menubar>`?**

Currently, we don’t see a need for this. All menuitems inside a menubar should perform some action
like opening a sub `<menulist>`, however we will reconsider this restriction if good use cases
arise.

> For example, for the toolbar pattern (which this proposal isn't yet covering), a `<menuitem>` with
> the text "Bold" should be checkable, to support a text editor.

Reviewer: use this is you like... but figured this could be revised to remove the reference to `toolbar` since it was resolved to not cover that use case with this proposal - but the example is still a valid and easy to understand use case for checkable menuitems.

```suggestion
For example, a text editor might need to provide a `<menulist>` to provide basic font style adjustments. A group of checkable `<menuitem>` elements to mark content as "Bold", "Italic" or "Underlined", could be provided.  The checked state representing whether the text is currently "Bold" (checked) or not.
```

    2. Else, open it and move focus.
2. Else, if menuitem is contained inside an open menulist, close its parentMenulist.

The algorithm when user clicks on a checkbox menuitem:

1. Set it to checked.

The algorithm when user clicks on a radio menuitem:

1. Set it to checked.

> 2. Set all other menuitemradio to unchecked.

Reviewer: was thinking this should be clearer that it's not _all_ other radio menuitems - but rather any previously checked menuitem radio within that specific group.  

maybe this line can be left alone if line 241 said "The algorithm when a user activates a menuitem within a `checkable=multiple` fieldset" ?
